What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

When you initialize a repository, git adds a .git file that contains all the meta-data for the repository.  You need to have git installed.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

The staging area is a place where you can think about and arrange what you
want to include in a commit.  It forces you to think about the commit a bit
more.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

You can use git diff to see the differences between your working directory
and your staging area.  This will show you which changes have been made since
your last commit.  This will allow you to add only one logical change at a
time instead of every change you've made.  If more than one change has been
made, you can commit each change separately.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

Let's say I'm making an app that let's people guess something over and over.
It has a sign in page and a main page where people guess and it displays 
who is correct.  Then let's say I want to create a multi-player version.
This is going to take a while and there is going to be a significant amount
of code that might break the other code.  I could make a branch called
"multi_player" that would be separate from the "master" branch.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

They show a traceable path forward and backward that helps you think about
git commits like you are walking along a path, which is a visceral analogy.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

When two branches are merged together, three files are considered: the
first file to be merged, the second file to be merged, and the most
recent common parent of both files.  If a line of code is in the parent and
in both merge files, it is included.  If a line of code is in the parent but
not in either merge file, it is not included. If a line of code is in the
parent but not in one of the two merge files, it is removed.  If a line
of code is not in the parent but is in one of the two merge files, it is
added.  If a line of code is not in the parent and in both merge files,
it is added.  If a line of code is not in the parent and not in either
of the two merge files, it is not included.

It is represented as the tip of both merged branches branching forward
to a common node, effectively creating one new branch.  All of the commits
for both branches are included in the visibility of the new, merged branch.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

It is nice that git will try to merge your files automatically.  It still takes some figuring on your part to try to make sure that git will do it right.
You really have to understand the merging method so that you know when to use
it and what it will do when you do merge it.  The documentation for errors is
nice, too.  The inclusion of both people's codes with the common ancestors
helps identify what should be done to properly merge both.
